hello everybody so today I'll be taking
a look at the app called growtopia um it
just came out today and it is pretty
freaking awesome I played it for like at
least 20 minutes there a half hour and I
know pretty much a lot of things about
it but let's get right into this so it's
pretty much kinda like Minecraft but I'd
say it's like Minecraft inspired but
it's definitely not like all that much
like Minecraft um let me explain to so
you could play online i have my own ID
grown ID she none I mean I grout or bi
grow ideation on it out of a password
you connect and look at how cool it is
you pretty much play online with a bunch
of other people and there's Chad and
everything that's 369 people online holy
crap and you could join a bunch of world
but i'm gonna show you my world and I
need a shade with the hole left about
anyways so here it is and I know it
looks a bit goofy but it's actually
really cool I like it a lot so basically
this dude I'm you zoom in here you can
zoom in by like just doing but like you
know by using me normally I'm like this
brown dude and everyone looks the same
i'm pretty sure you can really customize
your guy and basically you punch things
you punch the dirt and then you can get
seeds or other dirt and yeah and then
you plant those seeds you could build
these trees and you can harvest these
trees and get other items such as gems
and it's really cool and you can use
these gems in the store which is right
here to buy other stuff like you could
buy doors and signs and small seed packs
close pack all go so I just guess you
can customize yourself you could make
locks which is pretty cool I'll get into
that later on one side you want a server
full of a bunch of people but I I've
planted all these and a good thing about
this game is it doesn't take very long
for anything they grow it pretty much
harvest with him you can harvest up
within 30 seconds of planting them and I
you know you're probably super confused
again about what this whole games about
it's actually super fun i'm addicted to
it i love it so much um see I probably
wouldn do a let's play on this it will
just be kind of thing I do maybe play
with you guys because I just think it's
one of those games you just sit back
relax have a good time
so that's pretty much this game in a
nutshell it's not very complex I really
like it so I'm gonna show you guys what
it's like when I go in someone else's
world so let's go in let's see which one
is the most people hell it's going hell
holy crap so is obviously still a bunch
of stuff I don't know about this game
look at all these other people and you
could polish well not that you can pull
this down you can talk to people she uh
how do i type all right here like reg
hey I'll say I'll say say hi to youtube
to youtube people kind of jerks on here
but uh say hi to you too but and no
one's everyone's gonna effing hate me
for saying that uh see if anyone
responds hey I respond no whoa okay I'm
gonna close my damn bag and I guess
close this island really responding but
yeah you could chat with people I love
that it's like full check compatibility
you could play with people around the
world is pretty awesome this is like I'm
not sure how this world is generated
like this if all the worlds are
generated like this or how big they are
I don't think they get that big but on
let me show you what I talk about it I
mean what I'm saying about the lock
thing oh look at this mine I want it
give me give me yeah and your items get
carried along wherever you go so that's
pretty awesome um see look at those lava
here I guess you could buy lava or
something I don't know and like make
traps for people try to like invade your
house is so let's see I need to fight oh
geez oh geez oh can I die oh my gosh I
died oh my gosh dad lose all my stuff
like okay good you can't really lose all
yourself so that's not like that rage
inducing I guess let's get out of hell I
don't like hell this game is like uh it
is crazy but i like it i think i was in
where was i before let's try build her
fun times she look like this is like um
well we grab this chaotic so where am I
okay so there's like you can make a lock
thing around whatever you build so
people can't break it see like I can't
break it um wait I need come do a
demonstration here oh my gosh what the
oh I just felt so like there's the lock
thing so you can lock a whole air
yeah so people can't break it so yeah I
can't break it because it's locked so
that's pretty cool I don't know I like
this app it's really cool i have they're
coming to get i think it was free i'm
pretty sure was free if it wasn't it was
probably just like a dollar yeah i
highly recommend you get this app it's
really fun um it's a lot more fun than
it looks but once I get into a more and
i understand it more than yeah it'll be
cool so add me i guess it will not add
me but i'm not sure you could really
find each other servers I guess it's
whatever world is open um so yeah maybe
we can end up playing together that'd be
pretty cool but thanks for watching guys
please get this outfit is awesome and
I'll see you later just go home nollie
first think about the pretty girl with
some when you stop